== Shaprgram

We love open data, because it lets you do neat things. The problem with open data is how much effort is required to make it useful.

This application is aimed at government data producers who may not have the full resources of a geospatial team at their beck and call, who need to crowdsource information about their assets; and anyone that can benefit from visual imagery to supplement raw data.

=== Use cases


==== Inventory
Adelaide City Council produces a number of data sets regarding picnic sites, which is published on their website and as open data. Unfortunately no one was able to snap a few photos at the time, and google streetview doesn't reach these places.

Using this tool, anyone with a shapefile or CSV can put up a list of assets that need photographs, and download a simple .zip file with an enhanced dataset.

==== Asset tracking
Just spent a few hard earned rate payer dollars on nice new benches? Use this tool to capture a visual representation of the asset at the time of installation; and during routine tasks - letting you see how your assets survive in the wild, when they need repair or more.

==== Much more

* Parking spaces & restricted parking - all parking inspectors carry cameras, making it trivial to document your city
* Signs - need to capture the signed speed limits across multiple authorities? Use this tool to complete your dataset.
* Tree health - Let members of your community tell you when a tree is ill, growing too much or more - find out *before* it becomes a costly issue to rectify.

=== Get started

==== Development

* Postgres 9.*+
* Postgis 2
* Ruby 2.1.*+


    gem install rgeo -- --with-geos-dir=/path/to/my/geos/installation
    bundle

    cp config/database.yml.sample config/database.yml
    bundle exec rake db:create
    bundle exec rake db:migrate
    bundle exec rake fake:csv_project
    bundle exec rails s
